the US Empire runs on a system of
Perpetual debt spend lots of money and
have your creditors buy up your garbage
debt as long as this Ponzi scheme
continues the economic system continues
to turn but what happens when countries
and investors stop buying you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you today we have big news America's
biggest creditors dump us treasuries
we're going to get into that today I'm
going to show you several charts which
show that a lot of these contain much of
the same data but I wanted to show you
it in different ways so you can see that
for yourself beginning with this article
America's biggest creditors dump
treasuries in warning to Trump Japanese
investors call US Government debt by
most since
2013 currency hedged returns were the
worst on record last quarter the worst
on record in the age of trump America's
biggest foreign creditors are suddenly
having second thoughts about financing
the US government what I would say is
that you have fluctuations all the time
there are some months when you think the
world is about to end and then the next
month everything changes so we can't
overreact to this but we need to
understand that we develop Trends that's
what we need to look at month after
month after month if we see the same
data and we see how it escalates then we
start to make our judgments but things
happening you know overnight generally
are not what we should be focusing on
but let's take this as it is and keep
our eyes very close so let's get into
the
charts China treasury Holdings look at
this here an
extremely steep decline is occurring
right now if you look actually in
previous declines that have occurred you
know just as an example here
here even here I mean it's not as steep
as we have seen right now
that's what's important to note for
this here at the bottom you could see uh
as well the six-month change a definite
Decline and it's going back you know we
haven't had this this chart goes back to
2000 and we haven't seen that sort of
depth since at least that time so what
China is doing exactly I'm not sure now
you can see the values here I mean we're
going back a few years but when you look
at it it did climb significantly over
those years so we we as I said we can
overreact let's let's move on here to
this Japanese investors monthly net
purchases of sovereign bonds and US
treasuries versus others again a
significant Decline and this chart goes
back to um to 2012 in fact a significant
decline regardless as you can see on
then on the right chart you can see the
different months basically August
through
December and you will
note that it is down significantly since
then as well and that happens to be
Japanese investors net purchases of DM
Sovereign bonds per month for selected
markets Japanese investors monthly and
weekly net purchases of foreign
long-term debt Securities right
and you see no doubt the trend declining
downwards and this has been uh for the
past six months or
so but again we have seen these type of
drops occurring and they pick up and
they go down but this is definitely uh
with significance at this time when you
are getting
into debt of a country generally these
are seen as safe Investments if you
believe that things are looking up and
things will be better then these type of
Investments tend to not do as
well and that could be part of this that
if Japan thinks that look Trump is
getting into office everything is going
to do great the stock market's going to
rise they're going to put their money
more into equities rather than into the
fixed income category in this case
more selling to come net change in
foreign ownership of us treasuries here
again you could see that decline annual
USD change in USD Tre uh us treasuries
among foreign holders remember this here
in particular isn't Japan or China but
just foreign holders in general and this
Tokyo tantrum Japanese investors sell
the most US debt since 2003's taper
tantrum so these are important to note
what I would say once again is that we
will watch it and we will be paying very
close attention comparing the stock
market us equities versus what's
happening with
treasuries we note that since Trump has
been into office there has been a fairly
significant increase in the US Stock
Market we could see the Dow Jones at 20
uh we can see all of these different
things that have occurred which are very
bullish at the same time we have
instability we have that sort of um
civil unrest which has occurred the
protests and everything this could bring
on a very big problem we don't have to
necessarily look at the US Equity
markets to determine exactly how the
economy is doing because we know that
isn't the case we have all the facts
that we need that have shown a absolute
rotting of the economy the real economy
which has been going on for a
significant amount of time I mean look
at basically any chart from the year
2000 and onward and you see the Dismal
activity which has occurred things can
change over the years there's no doubt
about that we see bull markets and bare
markets and they always occur at any
given time what I would note is that
when you look at um the Cycles which go
uh over time you
see every approximately I mean these are
approximates but approximately every s
to 8 years or so there is some sort of
recession or
depression and at this time clearly we
are overdue so even if things were just
normal quote unquote normal we should
expect one to happen now is this the big
daddy is this the one we've all been
waiting for the global economic collapse
I'm not sure about that that's coming at
some point it could be triggered on by
several things it could be a derivatives
collapse it could be some sort of major
fullscale
war I mean there are
countless reasons why we could enter a
global economic
collapse
but what I would say is that we need to
Simply stick to the basics have our
fundamentals in place and be prepared if
you found this video informative then
please give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know that you will
find my book The Money GPS even more
informative so you can look through the
book If you go to Amazon they have a
look inside feature that will allow you
to flip through the pages of the book
and see if you like it take care